how to tackle steep at long heels more
obvious I know that there will be a
clone of you how I leaving behind the
truck and leaving space for big Bush and
then I was just bridal ghost with two
liter per centum now I make the booth
about 105 is enough
I know again that rock is going by the
commoners per hour
now I just try to keep that forgot some
needle under new leadership in my
opinion that is the best way to tackle
hills in the loophole the truck will
also lower speed on hop Hill and on the
top the speed of the properties doc no
70 km/h my vlog on some instant cowgate
is so in 1.6 leaders now we are on the
top of the hill and we can again makes
emotion so again get behind the problem
again start called ghosting kingdom I
think in this year we will again drop
the dope on two liters
Phil consumed fingers because this is a
lockdown here and in Long down his user
bridal today as close to the target as
you feel safe now we are about two
seconds behind the truck begin my origin
good enough and I'm losing some business
and we'll have to make that push again
at the end of them down here and now i
have lost my truck and I will have to
find anyone